Hey, folks, so I know it may seem like we're going a bit slow here at the start, but that's because
I absolutely want to make sure that everyone can follow along.
And it's imperative that during this course you have the easiest time possible hitting the ground running
and building your mobile app.
And part of that is this phone connection over here.
That's 80 percent of the challenge.
The code is easy, but being able to visualize what you're doing is so powerful.
And just with all of that, I wanted to give a quick summary of some of the core things that we're seeing
over here, some of the core things that you're going to have to pay attention to.
So, as we said, you can tell your preview on and off.
You could see how many devices are connected.
Most iPhone is connected and you can reload the app, but you could see the version of overrunning.
You can put your editor in a dark theme or a light theme, whatever you prefer.
I'm going to switch it to dark theme if you want the mode.
If you're aware of what that is, turn it on.
If you're not aware of what it is, I would steer clear of it because it can be daunting.
It's a whole different skill that you would need to learn.
And then you see here, over here the prettier.
So let's say you're typing a bunch of code and you're doing like and and all of this stuff.
If you hit prettier, well, it's not going to do anything because all of this code is invalid.
But let's say you did something like.
Color white, you see how this is off balance.
Well, if you hit prettier boom, everything makes sense.
It makes things pretty.
No pun intended, it's just the name of the tool.
So with that, we've gone through a couple of interface run downs by now, and I just want to show you
a bit more.
But now comes the interesting part.
So we're looking over.
Here are our entry file where we are coming in.
And where the core of the application is, think of it as the tip of the sword, it's where everything
comes together.
It's where our app comes to life.
So over here, you can see we're importing react from react.
This is because we want to be able to write what is just X, you ask?
Well, it's JavaScript markup.
It basically allows us to write things like this and have them be able to be processed and understood
and react is one of the core libraries that react native users to achieve the simplicity of being able
to write, react like syntax without needing to learn.
Android, iOS.
It's the language in the library of choice for making the UI work.
But, of course, react is just one piece of the puzzle, because we're not writing react, no, no,
we're writing react native.
And so he over here, you can see we're importing text view stylesheet in this import.
What this is basically giving us is it's pulling the right components that we need in order to build
up our UI.
So we're able to input text like we can see here.
Hello, world.
We're able to put blocks on the screen, like if you're aware what web development device, you're able
to position them on the screen and give them a nice, pretty look in position.
And a stylesheet and a stylesheet is a concept that you may not be familiar with unless you've written
Kissinger's a stylesheet is basically for us the ability to write our styles, give our views a specific
position, markup, text, color, background, color, give our text a specific text color, bold italic,
specific font family.
Give it a nice pizzazz, you know, and then we see here, XPO, Constance and the Constance are basically
constants that can be used for specific values.
We're not currently using it in this file.
But over here, you see one of the core things that you will see export default function.
This is a whole mouthful of words.
Export default is basically telling us this file exports this one main thing.
Now, it can export multiple things, but this is the one main thing.
It exports and it exports function app.
This is the thing that pulls everything together, that tip of the sword, if you will.
It's the thing that is going to build up the UI in such a way that we're going to be building focus.
Time now over here where the parentheses open.
You can see the function body and in the function body we're returning a simple react UI that consists
of a view and a text Hello world like we saw and saw this view.
As you can see, it has a style.
So it has a specific look and feel to it.
Now, what does that look and feel look like?
Well, it's referencing styles, dot container object dot.
And then something in that object, so object or container, so in that object, we have another object
called container and we can see over here it's giving it Fleck's one and padding 50.
Now, something you need to understand is if you've written CSFs before, if you're familiar with Fleck's
box and all these things, this will be very familiar syntax to you.
But if you're new to all of this, basically what Fleck's box is, is it's a paradigm that will be going
deeper into as we go along the course.
It's a way to make the UI.
But fit in a way that makes sense, and so flex box, as it says, it flexes itself out.
And so with the container, as we see flex, one container is the top level.
So what Flex one says is, hey, I'm going to fill everything of the parent.
Now, everything of the parent is the app.
So it's the whole shell.
So Flex one is basically saying, hey, I'm going to fill the whole screen.
That's basically what it's saying.
And then padding fifty saying, OK, well, I'm going to put a padding on the outside from here, from
the right, from the bottom of 50 pixels.
If we said, hey, do it a five hundred.
Well we're going to see hello world shift off screen.
If we did it of one hundred, we're going to see hello world pop up over here.
If we did it of ten, we're going to see it pop up over here.
And so basically padding is a way for us to say, hey, where am I?
And you could specify padding top specifically.
You could specify padding left, you specify padding, right, padding bottom.
If you just do padding, it's going to apply to all four.
Padding, top, bottom, left, right.
And why do we use stylesheet thought?
Well, it has inherent optimisations of applying certain memory, efficient styling, right?
It's not going to always have to recalculate everything.
It kind of is a bit smarter because you could also do something like this and override it in line.
But now on every render of the app, it's going to have to recalculate this.
So there are many benefits that come from using the stylesheet create.
And there are many other libraries that you can use on top of it and and do more complex UI layouts
and all of this jazz.
And we're going to get into all of that.
Don't worry.
But this is the most basic that you can get.
And so it's important to know what exactly is going on here.